Now welcome to the third lesson project.
The traffic simulation at this point works quite nicely and
all vehicles are properly queuing before entering intersection one by one.
At least, that's the impression you might get from watching the simulation.
Now the problem, however,
is that the instance of class waiting vehicles is a shared resource.
It's shared by all the vehicles threads approaching an intersection.
As you have learned in this lesson,
when one thread is writing and another thread is either reading or writing,
this is a data race regardless of whether we observe an error or not at the time.
Your job in this lesson project is to add
a safety layer which puts a halt to this data race.